{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker }{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\qr\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Last Updated: 7th November, 2016\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa360\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
\
Terms of Service\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Please read these Terms of Service (the \'93Agreement\'94) carefully. Your use of the Seal Platform (as defined below) constitutes your consent to this Agreement.\
This Agreement is between you and Seal Agreements Ltd. (\'93Seal\'94 or \'93we\'94 or \'93us\'94) concerning your use of (including any access to) our website currently located at www.sealagreements.com (together with any materials and services available therein, and successor site(s) thereto, the \'93Site\'94), and our Seal mobile app (together with any materials and services available therein, and successor app(s) thereto, the \'93App\'94). The Site and App are referred to collectively in this Agreement as the \'93Seal Platform.\'94 This Agreement hereby incorporates by this reference any additional terms and conditions posted by Seal through the Seal Platform, or otherwise made available to you by Seal.\
By using the Seal Platform, you affirm that you are of legal age to enter into this Agreement.\
[If you are an individual accessing or using the Seal Platform on behalf of, or for the benefit of, any corporation, partnership or other entity with which you are associated (an \'93Organization\'94), then you are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of yourself and such Organization, and you represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to bind such Organization to this Agreement. References to \'93you\'94 and \'93your\'94 in this Agreement will refer to both the individual using the Seal Platform and to any such Organization.] \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \
Changes\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 We may change this Agreement from time to time by notifying you of such changes by any reasonable means, including by posting a revised Agreement through the Seal Platform. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between you and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Agreement incorporating such changes, or otherwise notified you of such changes.\
Your use of the Seal Platform following any changes to this Agreement will constitute your acceptance of such changes. The \'93Last Updated\'94 legend above indicates when this Agreement was last changed. We may, at any time and without liability, modify or discontinue all or part of the Seal Platform (including access to the Seal Platform via any third-party links); charge, modify or waive any fees required to use the Seal Platform; or offer opportunities to some or all Seal Platform users.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Information Submitted Through the Seal Platform. Your submission of information through the Seal Platform is governed by Seal\'92s Privacy Policy, located at www.sealagreements.com/privacy-policy (the \'93Privacy Policy\'94). You represent and warrant that any information you provide in connection with the Seal Platform is and will remain accurate and complete, and that you will maintain and update such information as needed.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Jurisdictional Issues. The Seal Platform is controlled or operated (or both) from the United Kingdom, and is not intended to subject Seal to any non-UK jurisdiction or law. The Seal Platform may not be appropriate or available for use in some non-UK jurisdictions. Any use of the Seal Platform is at your own risk, and you must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations in doing so. We may limit the Seal Platform\'92s availability at any time, in whole or in part, to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction that we choose.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Services. Seal may make available certain products and services through the Seal Platform (collectively, \'93Services\'94), as well as descriptions of Services, and references and links to Services. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy, reliability, validity or timeliness of any Services, including any such descriptions (including any features, specifications and prices contained therein). Such information, and the availability of any Service (including the validity of any coupon or discount), is subject to change at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and foreign laws (including minimum age requirements) regarding the use of any Service.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Electronic Agreements. The Services may include tools that enable you to present an agreement in electronic format (like in email or as an attachment in an email or through the Seal Platform on website or in mobile app or in any other format) to another party for his or her electronic signature or acceptance, and the ability to receive and electronically sign such agreements that are presented to you by other parties. You are solely responsible for, and Seal has no liability for: (a) any such agreement, including its contents, format, enforceability, legality and legal effect; (b) any such signature, including its authenticity, validity and enforceability; (c)\'a0the retention of any copies of any such agreement or signature, including any related records; and (d)\'a0compliance with all laws applicable to your use of the Services, or to any such agreement or signature. Nothing in this Agreement or the Seal Platform will be construed to make Seal a party to any such agreement. You represent and warrant that you have the authority to execute any agreement that you seek to execute using the Services. As discussed further in Section 6 below, you should consult with legal counsel in the applicable jurisdiction to determine the potential legal risks and consequences of using the Services, and of any agreement that you may seek to execute using the Services. Applicable law regarding the electronic execution of agreements, including the use of electronic signatures, may vary depending on the jurisdiction and the circumstances. Seal disclaims (i) all representations, warranties and liability regarding any such agreement or signature, including its contents, format, enforceability, legality, legal effect, authenticity and validity; and (ii) any confidentiality, fiduciary or other obligations with respect to any such agreement or signature.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 No Legal Advice or Attorney-Client Relationship. Although certain information available through the Seal Platform may concern legal issues, it is not legal advice, and it does not form or constitute an attorney-client relationship; such information is made available solely for general informational purposes, and may not apply to particular factual or legal circumstances. You should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of information available through the Seal Platform without seeking advice of counsel in the applicable jurisdiction. It is your responsibility to consult with such counsel prior to using the Services.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Transactions. We may make available the ability to purchase certain Services through the Seal Platform (a \'93Transaction\'94). If you wish to make a Transaction, you may be asked to supply certain relevant information, such as your credit card number and its expiration date, your billing address and your shipping information. You represent and warrant that you have the right to use any credit card that you submit in connection with a Transaction. By submitting such information, you grant to us the right to provide such information to third parties for purposes of facilitating Transactions. Verification of information may be required prior to the acknowledgment or completion of any Transaction. By making a Transaction, you represent that the applicable Services will be used only in a lawful manner.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Seal reserves the right, including without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue making available any Service; to impose conditions on the honoring of any coupon, discount or similar promotion; to bar any user from making any Transaction; and to refuse to provide any user with any Service. Refunds and exchanges will be subject to Seal\'92s applicable refund and exchange policies. You agree to pay all charges incurred by you or on your behalf through the Seal Platform, at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred. In addition, you are responsible for any taxes applicable to your Transactions. While it is our practice to confirm orders by e-mail, the receipt of an e-mail order confirmation does not constitute our acceptance of an order or our confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Rules of Conduct. In connection with the Seal Platform, you must not:\
\pard\tx432\tx864\pardeftab720\li864\fi-864\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Seal Platform any materials that are or may be: (a) threatening, harassing, degrading, hateful or intimidating, or otherwise fail to respect the rights and dignity of others; (b)\'a0defamatory, libelous, fraudulent or otherwise tortious; (c) obscene, indecent, pornographic or otherwise objectionable; or (d) protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, right of publicity or privacy or any other proprietary right, without the express prior written consent of the applicable owner.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Post, transmit or otherwise make available through or in connection with the Seal Platform any virus, worm, Trojan horse, Easter egg, time bomb, spyware or other computer code, file or program that is or is potentially harmful or invasive or intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment (each, a \'93Virus\'94).\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use the Seal Platform for any commercial purpose, or for any purpose that is fraudulent or otherwise tortious or unlawful.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Harvest or collect information about users of the Seal Platform.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Seal Platform or the servers or networks used to make the Seal Platform available, including by hacking or defacing any portion of the Seal Platform; or violate any requirement, procedure or policy of such servers or networks.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Seal Platform.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works of, sell, rent, lease, loan, timeshare, distribute or otherwise exploit any portion of (or any use of) the Seal Platform except as expressly authorized herein, without Seal\'92s express prior written consent.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Seal Platform, except where such restriction is expressly prohibited by applicable law.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Remove any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice from the Seal Platform.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Frame or mirror any portion of the Seal Platform, or otherwise incorporate any portion of the Seal Platform into any product or service, without Seal\'92s express prior written consent.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Systematically download and store Seal Platform content.\
\ls3\ilvl1
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device to retrieve, index, \'93scrape,\'94 \'93data mine\'94 or otherwise gather Seal Platform content, or reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Seal Platform, without Seal\'92s express prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to compliance with any instructions posted in the robots.txt file located in the Site\'92s root directory, Seal grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Site for the sole purpose of (and solely to the extent necessary for) creating publicly available, searchable indices of such materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Seal reserves the right to revoke such permission either generally or in specific cases, at any time and without notice.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You are responsible for obtaining, maintaining and paying for all hardware and all telecommunications and other services needed to use the Seal Platform.\
8. Registration; User Names and Passwords. You may need to register to use all or part of the Seal Platform. We may reject, or require that you change, any user name, password or other information that you provide to us in registering. Your user name and password are for your personal use only and should be kept confidential; you, and not Seal, are responsible for any use or misuse of your user name or password, and you must promptly notify us of any confidentiality breach or unauthorized use of your user name or password, or your Seal Platform account.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Submissions. Seal Platform visitors may make available certain materials (each, a \'93Submission\'94) through or in connection with the Seal Platform, including agreements made available  in connection with the Services, and other materials made available on profile pages or on the Seal Platform\'92s interactive services, such as message boards and other forums, and chatting, commenting and other messaging functionality. Seal has no control over and is not responsible for any use or misuse (including any distribution) by any third party of Submissions. If you choose to make any of your personally identifiable or other information publicly available through the Seal Platform, you do so at your own risk.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 License. For purposes of clarity, you retain ownership of your Submissions. For each Submission, you hereby grant to us a worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable and fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, without additional consideration to you or any third party, to reproduce, distribute, perform and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works of, adapt, modify and otherwise use, analyze and exploit such Submission, in any format or media now known or hereafter developed, and for any purpose.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 In addition, if you provide to us any ideas, proposals, suggestions or other materials (\'93Feedback\'94), whether related to the Seal Platform or otherwise, such Feedback will be deemed a Submission, and you hereby acknowledge and agree that such Feedback is not confidential, and that your provision of such Feedback is gratuitous, unsolicited and without restriction, and does not place Seal under any fiduciary or other obligation.\
You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to grant the licenses granted in this section, and that your Submissions, and your provision thereof through and in connection with the Seal Platform, are complete and accurate, and are not fraudulent, tortious or otherwise in violation of any applicable law or any right of any third party. You further irrevocably waive any \'93moral rights\'94 or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding each Submission that you may have under any applicable law under any legal theory.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Monitoring. We may (but have no obligation to) monitor, evaluate, alter or remove Submissions before or after they appear on the Seal Platform, or analyze your access to or use of the Seal Platform. We may disclose information regarding your access to and use of the Seal Platform, and the circumstances surrounding such access and use, to anyone for any reason or purpose.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Your Limited Rights. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, and solely for so long as you are permitted by Seal to use the Site, you may view one (1) copy of any portion of the Site to which we provide you access under this Agreement, on any single device, solely for your personal, non-commercial use.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The App is licensed (not sold) to end users. Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, and solely for so long as you are permitted by Seal to use the App, we hereby permit you, on a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable basis, to install and use the App on a mobile device that you own or control, solely for your personal, non-commercial use. If you fail to comply with any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement, you must immediately cease using the App and remove (that is, uninstall and delete) the App from your mobile device.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Seal\'92s Proprietary Rights. We and our suppliers own the Seal Platform, which is protected by proprietary rights and laws. Our trade names, trademarks and service marks include Seal Agreements Ltd. and any associated logos. All trade names, trademarks, service marks and logos on the Seal Platform not owned by us are the property of their respective owners. You may not use our trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos in connection with any product or service that is not ours, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion. Nothing contained on the Seal Platform should be construed as granting any right to use any trade names, trademarks, service marks or logos without the express prior written consent of the owner.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Third Party Materials; Links. Certain Seal Platform functionality may make available access to information, products, services and other materials made available by third parties, including Submissions (\'93Third Party Materials\'94), or allow for the routing or transmission of such Third Party Materials, including via links. By using such functionality, you are directing us to access, route and transmit to you the applicable Third Party Materials. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We neither control nor endorse, nor are we responsible for, any Third Party Materials, including the accuracy, validity, timeliness, completeness, reliability, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness or safety of Third Party Materials, or any intellectual property rights therein. Certain Third Party Materials may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading or deceptive. Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to be a representation or warranty by Seal with respect to any Third Party Materials. We have no obligation to monitor Third Party Materials, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Materials (in whole or part) through the Seal Platform at any time. In addition, the availability of any Third Party Materials through the Seal Platform does not imply our endorsement of, or our affiliation with, any provider of such Third Party Materials, nor does such availability create any legal relationship between you and any such provider.\
Your use of Third Party Materials is at your own risk and is subject to any additional terms, conditions and policies applicable to such Third Party Materials (such as terms of service or privacy policies of the providers of such Third Party Materials).\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Promotions. Any sweepstakes, contests, raffles, surveys, games or similar promotions (collectively, \'93Promotions\'94) made available through the Seal Platform may be governed by rules that are separate from this Agreement. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with this Agreement, the Promotion rules will govern.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Disclaimer of Warranties. The Seal Platform and any Services and Third Party Materials are made available to you on an \'93As Is,\'94 \'93Where Is\'94 and \'93Where Available\'94 basis, without any warranties of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory. Seal disclaims all warranties with respect to the Seal Platform and any Services and Third Party Materials to the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement and title. All disclaimers of any kind (including in this section and elsewhere in this Agreement) are made on behalf of both Seal and its affiliates and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, representatives, licensors, suppliers and service providers (collectively, the \'93Affiliated Entities\'94), and their respective successors and assigns.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 While we try to maintain the timeliness, integrity and security of the Seal Platform, we do not guarantee that the Seal Platform is or will remain updated, complete, correct or secure, or that access to the Seal Platform will be uninterrupted. The Seal Platform may include inaccuracies, errors and materials that violate or conflict with this Agreement. Additionally, third parties may make unauthorized alterations to the Seal Platform. If you become aware of any such alteration, contact us at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:info@sealagreements.com"}}{\fldrslt info@sealagreements.com}} with a description of such alteration and its location on the Seal Platform.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Limitation of Liability. Seal will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind, under any contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or other theory, including damages for loss of profits, use or data, loss of other intangibles, loss of security of Submissions (including unauthorized interception by third parties of any Submissions), even if advised in advance of the possibility of such damages or losses. Without limiting the foregoing, Seal will not be liable for damages of any kind resulting from your use of or inability to use the Seal Platform or from any Services or Third Party Materials, including from any Virus that may be transmitted in connection therewith. Your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with the Seal Platform or any Services or Third Party Materials is to stop using the Seal Platform. The maximum aggregate liability of Seal for all damages, losses and causes of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, shall be the greater of (A) ten U.S. Dollars ($10), and (B) the total amount, if any, paid by you to Seal during the previous twelve (12) months solely for the right to use the Seal Platform. All limitations of liability of any kind (including in this section and elsewhere in this Agreement) are made on behalf of both Seal and the Affiliated Entities, and their respective successors and assigns.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Applicable law may not allow for limitations on certain implied warranties, or exclusions or limitations of certain damages; solely to the extent that such law applies to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions or limitations may not apply to you, and you may have certain additional rights.\
\pard\tx20\tx116\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\li96\fi-97\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Indemnity. Except to the extent prohibited under applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Seal and the Affiliated Entities, and their respective successors and assigns, from and against all claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses and fees (including attorneys\'92 fees) arising out of or relating to (a) your use of, or activities in connection with, the Seal Platform (including all Submissions), including any agreement that you execute or seek to execute using the Services; and (b)\'a0any violation or alleged violation of this Agreement or applicable law by you.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Termination. This Agreement is effective until terminated. Seal may terminate or suspend your use of the Seal Platform at any time and without prior notice, for any or no reason, including if Seal believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement. Upon any such termination or suspension, your right to use the Seal Platform will immediately cease, and Seal may, without liability to you or any third party, immediately deactivate or delete your user name, password and account, and all associated materials, without any obligation to provide any further access to such materials. Sections 2\'966, 8\'9612 and 14\'9627 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Filtering. We hereby notify you that parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. Information identifying current providers of such protections is available from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_content-control_software_and_providers. Please note that Seal does not endorse any of the products or services listed on such site.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Information or Complaints. If you have a question or complaint regarding the Seal Platform, please send an e-mail to info@sealagreements.com. You may also contact us by writing to Morrison & Foester (uk) Llp, Citypoint, One Ropemaker Street, London, United Kingdom, EC2Y 9AW, or by calling us at +447477131319. Please note that e-mail communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your e-mail correspondence with us.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Miscellaneous. This Agreement does not, and shall not be construed to, create any partnership, joint venture, employer-employee, agency or franchisor-franchisee relationship between you and Seal. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from this Agreement and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provision. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of your rights or obligations under this Agreement without our express prior written consent. We may assign, transfer or sublicense any or all of our rights or obligations under this Agreement without restriction. No waiver by either party of any breach or default under this Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is for convenience only, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision. All terms defined in the singular shall have the same meanings when used in the plural, where appropriate and unless otherwise specified. Any use of the term \'93including\'94 or variations thereof in this Agreement shall be construed as if followed by the phrase \'93without limitation.\'94 This Agreement, including any terms and conditions incorporated herein, is the entire agreement between you and Seal relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or understandings between you and Seal relating to such subject matter. Notices to you (including notices of changes to this Agreement) may be made via posting to the Seal Platform or by e-mail (including in each case via links), or by regular mail. Without limitation, a printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. Seal will not be responsible for any failure to fulfill any obligation due to any cause beyond its control.\
\ls9\ilvl0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}
\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Apple-Specific Terms. In addition to your agreement with the foregoing terms and conditions, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the following provisions apply with respect to your use of any version of the App compatible with the iOS operating system of Apple Inc. (\'93Apple\'94). Apple is not a party to this Agreement and does not own and is not responsible for the App. Apple is not providing any warranty for the App except, if applicable, to refund the purchase price for it. Apple is not responsible for maintenance or other support services for the App and shall not be responsible for any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses with respect to the App, including any third-party product liability claims, claims that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement, claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation, and claims with respect to intellectual property infringement. Any inquiries or complaints relating to the use of the App, including those pertaining to intellectual property rights, must be directed to Seal in accordance with the \'93Information or Complaints\'94 section above. The license you have been granted herein is limited to a non-transferable license to use the App on an Apple-branded product that runs Apple\'92s iOS operating system and is owned or controlled by you, or as otherwise permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Apple\'92s App Store Terms of Service. In addition, you must comply with the terms of any third-party agreement applicable to you when using the App, such as your wireless data service agreement. Apple and Apple\'92s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement and, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof; notwithstanding the foregoing, Seal\'92s right to enter into, rescind or terminate any variation, waiver or settlement under this Agreement is not subject to the consent of any third party.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl252\slmult1\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Seal Platform \'a9 2016 Seal Agreements Ltd. unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved.}